aslam_muhammad_badu
ashfak_muhammad_badu
yasin_abdullah_badu
tosif_yasin_badu
tamim_yasin_badu
usman_ibrahim_balwa
salim_usman_balwa
muhammad_salim_balwa
shahid_usman_balwa
ishak_yusuf_balwa
asif_yusuf_balwa
muhammad_yusuf_balwa
ibrahim_ishak_balwa
abdurehman_ismail_balwa
javid_ismail_balwa
yasin_ismail_balwa
faisal_abdurehman_balwa
ahmad_yasin_balwa
saeed_hanif_balwa
tosif_mohammedhanif_balwa
shoeb_mohammedhanif_balwa
salman_mohammedhanif_balwa
arshad_shahid_balwa
abdulhafiz_salim_balwa
sajid_ahmad_chorawala
sufiyan_sajid_chorawala
khalid_abbas_chorawala
hamza_khalid_chorawala
saeed_yasin_charoliya 
ishak_noormuhammad_kadaya 
shohel_ishak_kadaya 
sadik_ishak_kadaya 
shahid_ishak_kadaya 
sajid_ishak_kadaya 
javid_abbas_kadiwal 
hifzurehman_abdullah_kadiwal 
fahad_hifzurehman_kadiwal 
fauzan_hifzurehman_kadiwal 
amin_abdullah_kadiwal 
mohammed_mehmood_kadiwal 
sadik_ismail_kojar 
salim_ismail_kojar 
sajid_ismail_kojar 
shahid_ismail_kojar 
shoyeb_ismail_kojar 
ahmad_habib_kojar 
mohsin_ahmad_kojar 
imtiyaz_idrish_kojar 
irshad_idrish_kojar 
bilal_idrish_kojar 
nasrullah_abbas_mukkhi 
muhammad sadik _abbas_mukkhi 
saif_abdulgani_palsani 
ismail_alimuhammad_patel
faruk_ismail_patel
abubakkar_ismail_patel
abid_abdullah_patel
abdulkarim_r.pate_patel
abubakkar_abdulkarim_patel
mohammedali_abubakkar_patel
nafai_abubakkar_patel
zunid_abdulkarim_patel
atik_yasin_police 
aslam_suleman_sakri
javid_aslam_sakri
harish_aslam_sakri
abid_aslam_sakri
anis_aamin_saluji 
yakub_ismail_sunasara
rizwan_ismail_sunasara
aiyub_ismail_sunasara
irfan_abbas_sunasara
shahid_irfan_sunasara
muhammad_irfan_sunasara
rizwan_abbas_sunasara
wasim_rizwan_sunasara
salman_rizwan_sunasara
yakub_yasin_sunasara
muhammad_yakub_sunasara
aiyub_yasin_sunasara
afzal_aiyub_sunasara
islam_aiyub_sunasara
ovesh_aiyub_sunasara
mohammed_rizwan_sunasara
imtiyaz_kifayatullah_ukani 
shahid_rafik_badu
majid_ismail_badu
ashraf_muhammad_badu
irfan_harun_bhola 
imran_harun_bhola 
habib_nashir_charoliya 
iliyas_habib_charoliya 
safwan_iliyas_charoliya 
arif_yunus_dhaga
asif_yunus_dhaga
hifzurehman_noormuhammad_dhaga
shoban_hifzurehman_dhaga
noman_hifzurehman_dhaga
sufiyan_hifzurehman_dhaga
aban_hifzurehman_dhaga
salman_hifzurehman_dhaga
usman_noormuhammad_dhaga
zaid_tahir_kadiwal 
anis_yusuf_kadiwal 
salim_yusuf_kadiwal 
mujib_yusuf_kadiwal 
mohammed_mujib_kadiwal 
shakir_yusuf_kadiwal 
saif_shakir_kadiwal 
azaz_anis_kadiwal 
ayaz_anis_kadiwal 
noormuhammad_dawud_kadiwal 
atik_noormuhmmad_kadiwal 
yahya_noormuhammd_kadiwal 
talha_noormuhammad_kadiwal 
tahir_ismail_kadiwal 
javid_ismail_kadiwal 
mohammed_ismail_kadiwal 
juned_tahir_kadiwal 
fahim_atik_kadiwal 
javid_tahir_kadiwal 
safir_salim_kamal
samir_salim_kamal
salim_noormuhammad_kamal
mu.zaki_abdurahim_khorajiya 
hanif_jamal_mehsaniya 
anas_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
imran_anas_mehsaniya 
amir_anas_mehsaniya 
anis_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
muhammad_anis_mehsaniya 
yasin_dawud_mukkhi 
javid_yasin_mukkhi 
shahid_yasin_mukkhi 
abdulrauf_yusuf_patel
munaf_abdulrauf_patel
ahmad_abdulrauf_patel
khalid_dawood_patel
taiyab_khalid_patel
muhammadtalha_khalid_patel
arif_yusuf_patel
altaf_arif_patel
lukman_arif_patel
faisal_arif_patel
hasan_habib_patel
yasir_hasan_patel
mohammed_hasan_patel
siddiq_adam_sakri
saad_siddiq_sakri
fahim_faruk_sakri
faruk_adam_sakri
wasim_faruk_sakri
shoyeb_adam_sakri
muhammad sajjad_shoye_sakri
mohammed_shoeb_sakri
afjal_adam_sakri
ovesh_yusuf_saleh 
juber_yusuf_saleh 
ismail_yusuf_saleh 
muhammad_umar_saleh 
ishak_alimuhammad_sheliya 
umar_ishak_sheliya 
yakub_dostmuhammad_sheliya 
zaid_yakub_sheliya 
abdullah_dostmuhammad_sheliya 
anis_abdullah_sheliya 
ahmed_anis_sheliya 
juned_abdullah_sheliya 
zakir_abdullah_sheliya 
sohel_anis_sheliya 
shahid_abdullah_sheliya 
mohsin_abdullah_sheliya 
ismail_alimuhammad_sheliya 
bilal_ismail_sheliya 
irshad_umar_sunasara
faiyaz_hanif_sunasara
faruid_hanif_sunasara
abdurehman_suleman_sunasara
arshad_abdurehman_sunasara
abid_abdurehamn_sunasara
muhammad_umar_sunasara
yakub_dostmuhammad_sunasara
rehan_yakub_sunasara
riyaz_yakub_sunasara
mohammed_yakub_sunasara
ashraf_ismail_sunasara
idrish_dostmuhammad_sunasara
amin_ismail_sunasara
usman_ismail_sunasara
harish_usman_sunasara
rais_usman_sunasara
nafis_usman_sunasara
anis_usman_sunasara
abdulsamad_ismail_sunasara
isa_ismail_sunasara
naim_isa_sunasara
fahad_amin_sunasara
abdullah_jalal_tajaniya  
mohammed_abdullah_tajaniya  
anas_abdullah_tajaniya  
naim_usman_badu
tohid_usman_badu
tasim_usman_badu
amin_abdullah_badu
azizurreman_mohammed_badu
saeed_yunus_balsaniya 
ashraf_yunus_balsaniya 
jahid_yunus_balsaniya 
mo.hassan_yusuf_balsaniya 
iqbal_gulamrasul_balsaniya 
samir_iqbal_balsaniya 
sajid_usman_bhola 
ishak_suleman_bhumcha
hasan_ishak_bhumcha
husen_ishak_bhumcha
abbas_abdulgani_charoliya 
rais_ahmed_chorawala
anis_ahmed_chorawala
abbas_nashir_chorawala
mehmud_abbas_chorawala
zaid_abbas_chorawala
hanzala_mehmud_chorawala
saeed_sharif_dhaga
iliyas_sharif_dhaga
aamir_iliyas_dhaga
umer_iliyas_dhaga
salim_sharif_dhaga
ovesh_salim_dhaga
abdurazzak_sharif_dhaga
ishak_dawud_dhaga
samir_ishak_dhaga
shabbir_ishak_dhaga
sohel_ishak_dhaga
mohsin_iliyas_dharwada
anwar_alimad_dharwada
mustakim_anwar_dharwada
hasan_anwar_dharwada
abdullah_alimohammed_dharwada
ahmad_abdullah_dharwada
noman_abdullah_dharwada
muhammadhussian_ibhrahim_gargat
muaaz_muhammadhussain_gargat
mohsin_muhammadhussian_gargat
mustak_muhammadhussain_gargat
mustufa_abdullah_kadaya 
arshad_yusuf_kadiwal 
rafik_arshad_kadiwal 
tofik_arshad_kadiwal 
ashafak_habib_kadiwal 
abbas_vajir_kadiwal 
zahir_abbas_kadiwal 
muhammad juned _abbas_kadiwal 
umer_usman_kadiwal 
mohsin_suleman_kamal 
hussain_ismail_khorajiya 
javid_ismail_khorajiya 
rasul_nasir_kojar 
muhammmad_rasul_kojar 
asharaf_abdullah_kojar 
sohel_usman_kojar 
muinuddin_yasin (munna_lal 
talha_yasin_lal 
asif_yasin_lal 
alihussian_-madaniya 
ahmad_alimuhammad_mukhi 
hamid_ahmad_mukhi 
saeed_ahmad_mukhi 
sajid_ahmad_mukhi 
hussain_ahmad_mukhi 
juned_ahmad_mukhi 
safik_ahmad_mukhi 
rafik_ahmad_mukhi 
muhammad_ahmad_mukhi 
akib_hamid_mukhi 
taha_hamid_mukhi 
muhammad_abdullah_palsani 
rizwan_habib_palsani 
abdulkhalid_habib_patel
sohel_abdulkhalid_patel
shahid_abdulkhalid_patel
harun_memanji_patel
zaid_harun_patel
jahid_harun_patel
juned_harun_patel
rafik_memanji_patel
sohel_rafik_patel
rahil_rafik_patel
muhammad_rafik_patel
usman_sharif_patel
noman_usman_patel
rizwan_usman_patel
salman_usman_patel
adil_abdullah_patel
abid_abdullah_patel
ammar_abdurashid_patel
aamir_abdulrashid_patel
habib_alimuhammad_patel
yakub_dosmohammed_patel
ayaz_yakub_patel
usama_alimuhammad_patel
faruk_sharif_patel
mo.shoyeb _faruk_patel
saif_faruk_patel
usman_gulam_police 
juber_usman_police 
sabir_usman_police 
javid_usman_police 
imran_ismail_sakri
irfan_ismail_sakri
mustufa_ismail_saleh 
mujahid_ismail_saleh 
abdullah_ismail_saleh 
mohammed_abdullah_saleh 
ahmed_abdullah_saleh 
abdulvahab_ummer_saleh 
mo.harish_shabbbir_saluji 
masab_shabbbir_saluji 
inaam_suleman_saluji 
amzad_inam_saluji 
mujahid_suleman_saluji 
ammar_abdulsattar_saluji 
zaid_yasin_saluji 
ummer_zaid_saluji 
salim_yasin_saluji 
mohammed_salim_saluji 
mo.huzefa_abdullah_saluji 
imran_abdullah_saluji 
fazlurehman_umar_saluji 
shoban_fazlurehman_saluji 
a.rahim_dosan_saluji 
hifzurehman_abdurahim_saluji 
mo.sohel_hifzurehman_saluji 
sahal_hifzurehman_saluji 
saad_hifzurehman_saluji 
mohammed_hifzurrehman_saluji 
shabbir_abdurahim_saluji 
abubakkar_miyaji_sheliya 
hanif_abdurahim_sheliya 
juber_abdurahim_sheliya 
mustak_valli_sunasara
faruk_umar_sunasara
abdullah_faruk_sunasara
safik_abdul hami_sunasara
naim_abdul hami_sunasara
mustakim_hanif_sunasara
mohammed amin _hanif_sunasara
sohel_hanif_sunasara
sajid_ismail_sunasara
sahad_sajid_sunasara
irshad_ismail_sunasara
irfan_ismail_sunasara
mohammed_irfan_sunasara
salim_ismail_sunasara
saifullah_idris_sunasara
shoyeb_idris_sunasara
ismail_yasin_sunasara
ashim_yasin_sunasara
mo.abid_yasin_sunasara
abdullah_valli_sunasara
altaf_abdullahh_sunasara
abid_abdullah_sunasara
ovesh_abdullah_sunasara
yasin_dosmuhammad (sarvar_sunasara
farid_yasin_sunasara
hussain_yasin_sunasara
ovesh_muuhammad hussai_sunasara
altaf_muhammad hussai_sunasara
mo.rais_rahmatullah_sunasara
muhammad_umar_sunasara
molana ahmed_uma_sunasara
rizwan_rahmatullah_sunasara
muhammad_rahmatullah_sunasara
yunus_gulamrasul (bobda_sunasara
irshad_yunus (bobda_sunasara
sufyan_faruk_sunasara
amin_ahmad_balsaniya 
rizwan_ahmad_balsaniya 
yasin_amin_balsaniya 
altamas_amin_balsaniya 
muhammad_yasin_balsaniya 
aasim_yasin_balsaniya 
ismail_abdullah_balsaniya 
zaid_ismail_balsaniya 
irfan_noormuhammad_balsaniya 
hanif_yusuf_balsaniya 
aiyub_jalal_bhola 
muhammad_aiyub_bhola 
rafik_ismail_bhola 
ismail_yasin_bhola 
abubakkar_yasin_bhola 
abdullah_yasin_bhola 
usman_dawud_bhola 
hussain_usman_bhola 
ahmad_dawud_bhola 
ovesh_ahmad_bhola 
bilal_ahmad_bhola 
yasin_daud_bhola 
aabid_yasin_bhola 
hanif_jalal_bhola 
shahid_hanif_bhola 
abdullah_hanif_bhola 
muhammad_saeed jala_bhola 
sadik_saeed_bhola 
sajid_saeed_bhola 
hussain_ismail_bhola 
abdullah_suleman_bhumcha
shoyeb_abdullah_bhumcha
yakub_habib_charoliya
fahad_yakub_charoliya
asif_abdurahim_chorawala
sohel_abdurahim_chorawala
hanif_sharif_dhaga
javid_hanif_dhaga
bilal_hanif_dhaga
sohel_hanif_dhaga
abdullah_hanif_dhaga
abdullah_dawud_dhaga
abdul_kaiyum shari_dhaga
abdulhamid_sharif_dhaga
husain_abdulhamid_dhaga
sajid_sharif_dhaga
yasin_dawud_dhaga
altaf_yasin_dhaga
azaz_yasin_dhaga
ashfak_yasin_dhaga
ismail_miyaji_dhaga
amin_ismail_dhaga
irfan_ismail_dhaga
aiyub_dawud_dhaga
muhammad_aiyub_dhaga
mustufa_dawud_dhaga
abdullah_hanif_dhaga
wasim_abdullah_dhaga
yasin_nashir_kadaya 
rizwan_abdurahim_kadaya 
yasin_habib_kadiwal 
rais_yasin_kadiwal 
hanif_dawud_khorajiya 
tofik_hanif_khorajiya 
muslim_yusuf_kojar 
rafik_yusuf_kojar 
faruk_yusuf nasiruddi_kojar 
mehboob_ahmed_lal 
ahmad_vali_lal 
saad_ismail_lal 
muhammad_alihussian_madaniya 
yunus_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
jawid_yunus_mehsaniya 
fahad_yunus_mehsaniya 
saeed_usman_patel
anis_usman_patel
abdullah_dawud_patel
shahid_abdullah_patel
majid_abdullah_patel
sajid_abdullah_patel
mehmud_dawud_patel
wasim_mehmud_patel
mohammed_mehmud_patel
imran_ibhrahim_patel
irfan_ibhrahim_patel
muhammad_hanif usma_patel
rais_usman_patel
irfan_iqbal_patel
imran_iqbal_patel
mustakim_mehmud_patel
iqbal_dosmohmmed_patel
salim_iqbal_patel
sufiyan_iqbal_patel
sohel_iqbal_patel
salim_abbas_rajediya
ibrahim_dawud_rajediya
irfan_ibrahim_rajediya
ashfak_ibrahim_rajediya
imran_ibrahim_rajediya
mohammed_abdulrazzak_rajediya
zaiid_abdulrazzak_rajediya
muhammad_saeed ibrahi_rajediya
ovesh_muhammad saee_rajediya
fahad_muhammad saee_rajediya
rizwan_suleman_rajediya
mustak_ismail_rajediya
abdullah_muhammed saee_rajediya
aamir_irfan_rajediya
ahmed_muhammad saee_rajediya
talha_mohammed saee_rajediya
kifayatullah_suleman_sakri
mustufa_abdullah_sakri
lukman_adam_sakri
arif_yasin_saleh 
hussain_ismail_saleh 
muhammad_shokat_saleh 
saad_shokat_saleh 
nisar_shokat_saleh 
shafik_ayub_saluji 
mo.rehmatullah_ismail_saluji 
safwan_mo.rehmatullah_saluji 
muhammad_mo.rematullh_saluji 
salman_mo.rehmatullah_saluji 
hamza_sanaullah_saluji 
muhammad_idrish_sojar 
imtiyaz_idrish_sojar 
salman_idris_sojar 
idrish_abdurahim_sojar 
mohsin_usman_sunasara
fahad_amin_sunasara
bilal_abdurahim_sunasara
umar_bilal_sunasara
sajid_abdurehman_sunasara
ishak_yusuf_sunasara
rafik_ishak_sunasara
salim_ishak_sunasara
salman_ishak_sunasara
irfan_abbas_sunasara
amin_usman_sunasara
asharaf_usman_sunasara
ahmad_ibrahim_sunasara
ishak_ibrahim_sunasara
juned_ishak_sunasara
mustakim_ishak_sunasara
jahid_ishak_sunasara
rehan_ahmad_sunasara
ammar_ahmad_sunasara
amin_ahmad_sunasara
imran_gulamrasul_sunasara
asif_gulamrasul_sunasara
shahid_gulamrasul_sunasara
saifullah_idris_sunasara
mo.hanif_abbas_sunasara
ismail_mo.hanif_sunasara
salman_mo.hanif_sunasara
iliyas_dosan_sunasara
imtiyaz_iliyas_sunasara
ahmad_yusuf_sunasara
abbas_dostmuhammad_sunasara
harish_abbas_sunasara
amjad_abbas_sunasara
yasin_dostmuhammad_sunasara
hussain_yasin_sunasara
farid_yasin_sunasara
shabbir_alimuhammad_tajaniya  
islam_ismail_balsaniya 
anis_abdullah_kadaya 
ismail_yusuf_kadiwal 
zahid_ismail_kadiwal 
yasin_rasul_kadiwal 
salman_yasin_kadiwal 
lukman_noormuhammad_kadiwal 
muhammad_ahmad_lal 
rizwan_jamal_mehsaniya 
imran_jamal_mehsaniya 
irfan_habib_palsani 
juber_ishak_patel
mo.hamza_abdulkarim_police 
umer_hamza_police 
sahad_hamza_police 
abbas_suleman_sakri
idrish_abbas_sakri
anis_idrish_sakri
rais_abbas_sakri
mohsin_yunus_sakri
hanif_suleman_sakri
hamza_hanif_sakri
imtiyaz_rafik_sakri
suleman_kifayatullah_sakri
hilal_yasin_saleh 
mustak_alimuhammad_saluji 
salman_mustak_saluji 
mehmud_umar_saluji 
mohammed_mehmud_saluji 
sajid_gulamrasul_sunasara
sajid_abdurahim_tajaniya  
ayaz_khalid_ukani 
shoyeb_umar_patel
nofel_shoyeb_patel
harun_ibrahim_patel
abdullah_harun_patel
obedullah_harun_patel
used_harun_patel
fuzail_harun_patel
asbat_harun_patel
rafik_ibrahim_patel
mustak_rafik_patel
wakkas_ahmad_patel
faruk_ibrahim_patel
shafiq_faruk_patel
sadiq_faruk_patel
sakir_faruk_patel
ovesh_abdulhamid_patel
kaish_abdulhamid_patel
aamir_abdulhamid_patel
abdulhamid_gulamrasul_patel
juber_gulamrasul_patel
aas_juber_patel
hani_juber_patel
ashfak_gulamrasul_patel
rafe_ashfak_patel
jabir_gulamrasul_patel
arbaz_jabir_patel
sabbir_ismail_patel
abbas_ismail_patel
abdullah_abbas_patel
tufel_abbas_patel
talha_ismail_patel
maaz_ismail_patel
shish_maaz_patel
saad_ismail_patel
salman_umar_patel
irfan_umar_patel
muhammad_irfan_patel
aashim_irfan_patel
ahamd_umar_patel
jarjish_ahmed_patel
haji a.razzak_ibrahi_patel
usama_abdurazzakk_patel
zaid_abdurazzak_patel
bilal_abdurazzak_patel
a.sattar_gulamrasul_patel
safwan_abdulsattar_patel
rehan_abdulsattar_patel
masab_umar_patel
shoban_masab_patel
abaan_masab_patel
salman_umar_patel
taha_salman_patel
rehan_yasin_balsaniya 
ammar_amin_bumcha 
mujahid_noormuhammad_kadaya 
riyaz_abbas_kadaya 
asif_ismail_kadiwal 
shahid_ismail_kadiwal 
muhammadhussain_memanji_madaniya 
mustak_muhammadhussain_madaniya 
juned_muhammadhussain_madaniya 
irfan_gulam_maknojiya 
ashraf_gulam_maknojiya 
ibrahim_ashraf_maknojiya 
ashfak_ashraf_maknojiya 
adil_ashraf_maknojiya 
rizwan_gulam_maknojiya 
khabbab_gulam_maknojiya 
molana bilal_khabba_maknojiya 
yunus_rajmuhammad_mukhi 
fahad_yunus_mukhi 
altamas_yunus_mukhi 
salman_abdullah_police 
juber_usman_saluji 
jabir_ismail_saluji 
sehjad_jabir_saluji 
hanif_ismail_saluji 
shahid_jabir_saluji 
faruk_yusuf_sheliya 
hanif_yusuf_sheliya 
hanzla_hanif_sheliya 
abdulvahid_usman_sunasara
yunus_abbas_sunasara
haji hanif_ismai_sunasara
aiyub_noormuhammad_balsaniya 
umar_aiyub_balsaniya 
naim_aiyub_balsaniya 
juned_umar_balsaniya 
imran_abdulhamid_balsaniya 
imtiyaz_abdulhamid_balsaniya 
nuruddin_abdulhamid_balsaniya 
muhammad_abdulhamid_balsaniya 
ishak_ibrahim_balsaniya 
muhammad_shoyeb_balsaniya 
rafik_ibrahim_balsaniya 
atik_rafik_balsaniya 
mohsin_rafik_balsaniya 
shafik_ibrahim_balsaniya 
yasin_ibrahim_balsaniya 
abdullah_yasin_balsaniya 
zainulabidin_yasin_balsaniya 
yunus_ibrahim_balsaniya 
arman_yunus_balsaniya 
saddam_yunus_balsaniya 
yakub_ibrahim_balsaniya 
faisal_yakub_balsaniya 
farhan_yakub_balsaniya 
salim_ismail_balsaniya 
salman_salim_balsaniya 
amin_yusuf_balsaniya 
abid_yusuf_balsaniya 
abdullah_yusuf_balsaniya 
muhammad_abdullah_balsaniya 
ahmad_abdullah_balsaniya 
sultan_yunus_balsaniya 
tofik_hanif_balwa
shoyeb_hanif_balwa
salman_hanif_balwa
hussain_abdulkarim_balwa
rafik_hussain_balwa
ismail_abdulkarim_balwa
juber_ismail_balwa
imran_ismail_balwa
umar_abdulkarim_balwa
abdulsamad_suleman_balwa
noormuhammad_suleman_balwa
farhan_abbas_bhola 
abdullah_abbas_bhola 
abbas_dawud_bhola 
amin_ismail_bhola 
asif_ismail_bhola 
abubakkar_dawud_bhola 
muhammad_abubakkar_bhola 
mohsin_abubakkar_bhola 
yasin_dawud_bhola 
sohel_yasin_bhola 
shahid_yasin_bhola 
samir_yasin_bhola 
minhaz_abubakar_bhola 
yunus_alimad_dharwada
naim_yunus_dharwada
ismail_yunus_dharwada
sahad_ishak_gargat
rizwan_abbas_kadaya 
ishak_abdullah_kadaya 
minhaz_ishak_kadaya 
mujahid_abdullah_kadaya 
zaid_abdullah_kadaya 
majid_abdullah_kadaya 
saffan_abdullah_kadaya 
mustufa_abbas_kadiwal 
muhammad_mustufa_kadiwal 
ahmad_mustufa_kadiwal 
abbas_ibrahim_kadiwal 
rizwan_abbas_kadiwal 
umar_yusuf_kadiwal 
mujahid_yusuf_kadiwal 
hasan_abbas_khorajiya 
shoyeb_abbas_khorajiya 
zahir_abbas_khorajiya 
mustufa_siddiq_kojar 
mustakim_mustufa_kojar 
huzefa_siddiq_kojar 
ashafak_siddiq_kojar 
bashir_valli_kojar 
shahid_bashir_kojar 
abdulvahid_bashir_kojar 
abdulsamad_bashir_kojar 
azizurehman_dawud_kojar 
ujer_azizurehman_kojar 
mehmud_dawud_kojar 
adil_mehbub_kojar 
ismail_mehbub_kojar 
muhammad_dawud_kojar 
umair_mohammed_kojar 
abdullah_dawud_kojar 
imtiyaz_dawud_kojar 
asif_abbas_kojar 
altaf_abbas_kojar 
kaiyum_yusuf_kojar 
mohsin_ismail_kojar 
harish_yusuf_kojar 
sohel_usman_kojar 
munavver_abdullah_kojar 
muhammadhussain_habib_kojar 
shafik_muhammad hussain_kojar 
uvesh_muhammad hussain_kojar 
saffan_muhammad hussain_kojar 
noman_muhammad hussain_kojar 
abbas_habib_kojar 
sadik_abbas_kojar 
majid_abbas_kojar 
naim_abbas_kojar 
farid_abbas_kojar 
anis_hanif_kojar 
mohammed_anis_kojar 
sajid_hanif_kojar 
yasin_abdurahim_kojar 
shoyeb_yasin_kojar 
ahmed_shoyab_kojar 
saeed_yasin_kojar 
javid_yasin_kojar 
mujahid_umar_kojar 
harun_habib_kojar 
amin_harun_kojar 
rizwan_harun_kojar 
mashab_yakub_kojar 
umer_yakub_kojar 
javid_juber_kojar 
abdullah_suleman_kojar 
ahmad_abdullah_kojar 
salman_abdullah_kojar 
juber_habib_kojar 
muaviya_juber_kojar 
fujel_juber_kojar 
iliyas_umar_kojar 
muhammad_iliyas_kojar 
salman_iliyas_kojar 
faruk_adam_kojar 
wasim_farooq_kojar 
umar_farooq_kojar 
ahmed_farooq_kojar 
salim_adam_kojar 
idris_umar_kojar 
usama_idris_kojar 
amin_umar_kojar 
ashfak_abbas_kojar 
abdullah_valli_kojar 
ahmadullah_valli_kojar 
tofik_ahmadullah_kojar 
usama_ahmadullah_kojar 
ishak_valli_kojar 
altaf_ishak_kojar 
fahad_ishak_kojar 
faiyaj_ishak_kojar 
aiyub_valli_kojar 
yunus_suleman_kojar 
noman_yunus_kojar 
muhammad_yunus_kojar 
mustufa_yunus_kojar 
mujeebahmed_mujahid_kojar 
mubin_mustufa_kojar 
sabit_ismail_lal 
ismail_abdulkarim_lal 
sadik_ismail_lal 
abdullah_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
abubakkar_abdullah_mehsaniya 
kifayatullah_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
mohammed_kifayatullh_mehsaniya 
talha_iliyas_mehsaniya 
mohsin_talha_mehsaniya 
hanzla_zakariya_mehsaniya 
harish_zakariya_mehsaniya 
mubin_noormuhammad_mehsaniya 
salim_ismail_mehsaniya 
harun_noormuhammad_mehsaniya 
fujel_harun_mehsaniya 
hujefa_harun_mehsaniya 
nizamuddin_noormuhammad_mehsaniya 
vakkas_nizamuddin_mehsaniya 
wasim_nizamuddin_mehsaniya 
amin_ibrahim_mukhi 
naim_noormuhammad_mukhi 
yusuf_rajmuhammad_mukhi 
faisal_yusuf_mukhi 
irfan_abdullah_mukhi 
yasin_ali muhamma_palsani 
majid_yasin_palsani 
najim_hanif_palsani 
nadeem_hanif_palsani 
usman_abdul gan_palsani 
siddiq_usman_palsani 
sadik_usman_palsani 
umar_abdul gan_palsani 
mohammed_umar_palsani 
salim_abdul gan_palsani 
abdullah_suleman_palsani 
abdul_samad isha_palsani 
juned_juber_palsani 
ibrahim_juber_palsani 
bilal_gulamrasul_palsani 
usama_bilal_palsani 
ismail_yusuf_palsani 
hasan_ismail_palsani 
hussain_ismail_palsani 
farid_yusuf_palsani 
ishak_gulamrasul_palsani 
imran_ishak_palsani 
muhammad_ishak_palsani 
abubakkar_ishak_palsani 
rizwan_gulamrasul_palsani 
yunus_ali muhamma_palsani 
muhammad_yunus_palsani 
abdullah_yunus_palsani 
ismail_ibrahim_patel
muhammad_ismail_patel
ishak_ibrahim_patel
juned_ishak_patel
imran_iqbal_patel
ibrahim_nashir_piyarji 
ishak_ibrahim_piyarji 
muhammad_ibrahim_piyarji 
ashfak_usman_police 
mustufa_usman_police 
ishak_suleman_police 
shahid_ishak_police 
abdulwahid_ishak_police 
mehbub_habib_sakri
sadik_mehbub_sakri
ovesh_mehbub_sakri
muhammad_mehbub_sakri
asharaf_yusuf_saleh 
juned_asharaf_saleh 
imran_asharaf_saleh 
usman_yusuf_saleh 
usama_usman_saleh 
mohammed_usman_saleh 
abid_noormuhammad_saleh 
yaman_abid_saleh 
faruk_yusuf_saleh 
sajid_ishak_saleh 
ibhrahim_sajid_saleh 
abdullah_ishak_saleh 
aiyub_gulamrasul_saleh 
musab_aiyub_saleh 
muslim_ismail_saleh 
ishamuhammad_abdullah_saleh 
adil_ishamuhammad_saleh 
azizurehman_abdullah_saleh 
shoban_azizurehman_saleh 
salman_azizurehman_saleh 
suleman_janmuhammad_saleh 
jahid_suleman_saleh 
mehmud_yusuf_saleh 
mohsin_mehmud_saleh 
mubin_mehmud_saleh 
yakub_gulammohammed_saleh 
salim_yakub_saleh 
sadik_yakub_saleh 
umar_gulammohammed_saleh 
naiim_umar_saleh 
abdul matin_makshu_saluji 
mustufa_gulamrasul_saluji 
rais_umar_saluji 
javid_usman_saluji 
sanaullah_alimad_saluji 
saad_sanaullah_saluji 
muhammadyasin_sanaullah_saluji 
ataullah_umar_saluji 
naim_ataullah_saluji 
noman_ataullah_saluji 
wasim_ataullah_saluji 
molana taiyab_gulamrasu_saluji 
abdulbasid_taiyab_saluji 
molana afzal_taiya_saluji 
molana shahid_taiya_saluji 
molana tufel_taiya_saluji 
mohamed_taiyab_saluji 
muhammad_suleman_sunasara
ashfak_muhmmad_sunasara
asif_muhammad_sunasara
hanif_abdurahim_sunasara
rizwan_abdurahim_sunasara
safik_abdurahim_sunasara
javid_abdurahim_sunasara
juber_ibrahim_sunasara
mohsin_juber_sunasara
jabir_umar_sunasara
irfan_gulamrasul_sunasara
abid_gulamrasul_sunasara
shoyeb_gulamrasul_sunasara
abbas_ibrahim_sunasara
imran_abbas_sunasara
ashfak_abbas_sunasara
ismail_abbas_sunasara
aiyub_ibrahim_sunasara
imtiyaz_aiyub_sunasara
abbas_gulam_sunasara
riyaz_abbas_sunasara
yunus_jan muhamma_sunasara
sadik_yunus_sunasara
saad_yunus_sunasara
juber_valli_sunasara
sadik_juber_sunasara
javid_juber_sunasara
harish_juber_sunasara
salman_juber_sunasara
abdul_hamid abdullah_sunasara
bilal_abdul hamid_sunasara
safik_abdul hamid_sunasara
shahid_abdul hamid_sunasara
shahid_hanif_sunasara
faiyjan_hanif_sunasara
afroz_faruk_sunasara
dawud_ismail_sunasara
umer_dawud_sunasara
yakub_adam_sunasara
abid_yakub_sunasara
afwan_yakub_sunasara
abdullah_ismail_sunasara
salim_abdullah_sunasara
sadik_hanif_sunasara
mohammed_hanif_sunasara
yunus_ismail_sunasara
abubakkar_yunus_sunasara
juber_ismail_sunasara
amin_juber_sunasara
hamza_juber_sunasara
sahid_yunus_sunasara
yasin_abdurahim_sunasara
amin_yasin_sunasara
afnan_yasin_sunasara
ahmed_yasin_sunasara
mashud_abdurahim_sunasara
muhammad_mashud_sunasara
sajid_gulamrasul_sunasara
javid_aiyub_sunasara
adil_aiyub_sunasara
altaf_aiyub_sunasara
sadik_aiyub_sunasara
muhammed_aiyub_sunasara
abdullah_aiyub_sunasara
mustakim_mustufa_sunasara
ibrahim_muhammad_sunasara
abdurahim_ibrahim_sunasara
hussain_muhammad_sunasara
ishak_suleman_sunasara
muhammad_ishak_sunasara
abdullah_suleman_sunasara
sadik_abdullah_sunasara
sajid_abdullah_sunasara
faruk_suleman_sunasara
ismail_faruk_sunasara
mohsin_harun_sunasara
mohammed_harun_sunasara
shahid_juber_sunasara
rizwan_yasin_umatiya 
yasin_suleman_umatiya 
imtiyaz_yasin_umatiya 
mustufa_suleman_umatiya 
salman_mustufa_umatiya 
shaban_mustufa_umatiya 
hanif_sharif_assu 
shoyeb_hanif_assu 
iliyas_sharif_assu 
imtiyaz_iliyas_assu 
rizwan_iliyas_assu 
juber_ibhrahim_badu
rizwan_juber_badu
mustakim_juber_badu
amin_juber_badu
shokat_ibrahim_balsaniya 
muhammad_yakub_balsaniya 
yakub_gulam_balsaniya 
iqbal_alimad_bhola 
ashafak_iqbal_bhola 
rizwan_abdulsattar_fatteh
sajid_abdulsattar_fatteh
tufel_abdulsattar_fatteh
abdulatif_suleman_kadiwal 
fahad_mustaq_kadiwal 
mustufa_suleman_kamal 
kef_mustufa_kamal 
khalid_umar_kojar 
ibhrahim_khalid_kojar 
ashfaq_khalid_kojar 
asif_suleman_mehsaniya 
hujefa_mo.ibhrahim_muse
ovesh_abbas_mukhi 
hujefa_dawud_sakri
naim_mehbub_sakri
yasin_mo.yusuf_saleh 
iqbal_mo.yusyf_saleh 
molana salim_abdullah_saluji 
irfan_suleman_saluji 
hujefa_ahmad_saluji 
ahmad_suleman_saluji 
muaviya_ahmad_saluji 
ismail_valli_sunasara
usama_ismail_sunasara
huzefa_ismail_sunasara
amin_abdulgani_sunasara
mohammed_amin_sunasara
salim_yusuf_tajniya 
muhammad_salim_tajniya 
ahmad_salim_tajniya 
saffan_ayub_tajniya 
aabid_abdulrahim_tajniya 
yunus_suleman_umatiya 
abdulrazzak_ismail_bachuk 
hanif_ismail_bachuk 
salman_rafik_badu
safik_rafik_badu
sohel_rafik_badu
shoban_rafik_badu
farhan_tahir_badu
mohammedismail_ibrahim_badu
sajid_ismail_badu
javid_umar_balsaniya 
jabir_umar_balsaniya 
jahid_umar_balsaniya 
mustufa_yusuf_balsaniya 
hamza_juber_balsaniya 
riyaz_ismail_balsaniya 
majid_iqbal_bhola 
sajid_iqbal_bhola 
abdullah_iqbal_bhola 
abid_iqbal_bhola 
suleman_yusuf_bhola 
shahid_suleman_bhola 
shafik_suleman_bhola 
ismail_suleman_bhola 
idrish_suleman_bhumcha
talha_idrish_bhumcha
yusuf_habib_charoliya
rizwan_amin_charoliya
ashfak_yusuf_charoliya
mohammed_yusuf_charoliya
shahid_rahmatullah_dhaga
sohel_gulam_fatteh
saffan_gulam_fatteh
hafad_ishak_gargat
ishak_ibrahim_gargat
sajid_abdullah_kadaya 
muhammad_abdullah_kadaya 
faruk_abbas_kadaya 
mohammed_faruk_kadaya 
jabir_noormuhammad_kadaya 
abdullah_suleman_kadaya 
sakil_abdullah_kadaya 
yasin_abdullah_kadaya 
shafik_arshad_kadiwal 
ismail_yusuf_kadiwal 
muhammad_ismail_kadiwal 
faruk_ismail_kadiwal 
sultan_harun_kadiwal 
safwan_harun_kadiwal 
muhammad_atiqurehman_kadiwal 
hanif_yusuf_kadiwal 
mohsin_hanif_kadiwal 
ibrahim_hanif_kadiwal 
nazim_hanif_kadiwal 
salman_harun_kadiwal 
zaid_ibhrahim_kadiwal 
hussain_yasin_kadiwal 
mustufa_ismail_kadiwal 
salman_mustufa_kadiwal 
sajid_ismail_kadiwal 
atiqurehman_yusuf_kadiwal 
ahmad_atiqurehman_kadiwal 
abdullah_atiqurehman_kadiwal 
isa_nurmohammed_kadiwal 
masab_noormuhammad_kadiwal 
fahad_yasin_khorajiya 
sabir_yasin_khorajiya 
ovesh_khalid_kojar 
salim_noormuhammad_kojar 
muslim_yusuf_kojar 
salman_muslim_kojar 
asim_ahmad_kojar 
mustufa_nashir_kojar 
mazhar_mustufa_kojar 
muzammil_mustufa_kojar 
ismail_nashir_kojar 
zaid_ismail_kojar 
fahad_yasin_kojar 
amman_amin_kojar 
talha_amin_kojar 
lukman_sharif_lal 
majid_saeed_lal 
javid_saeed_lal 
javid_jabir_maknojiya 
shoyeb_gulamrasul_maknojiya 
fahad_shoyeb_maknojiya 
jabir_dawud_maknojiya 
zahir_jabir_maknojiya 
imran_dawud_maknojiya 
imtiyaz_imran_maknojiya 
amjad_imran_maknojiya 
ammar_imran_maknojiya 
suleman_rafik_maknojiya 
naim_noman_maknojiya 
juned_iliyas_mehsaniya 
ismail_juned_mehsaniya 
mubarak_suleman_mehsaniya 
hamid_mubarak_mehsaniya 
jamil_suleman_mehsaniya 
qutub_suleman_mehsaniya 
sabir_qutub_mehsaniya 
jabir_qutub_mehsaniya 
irshad_abdullah_mukhi 
aiyub_nooormuhammad_mukhi 
muhammad_aiyub_mukhi 
usaman_aiyub_mukhi 
bilal_yusuf_mukhi 
mo.salim_bilal_mukhi 
hanif_noormuhammad_mukhi 
tofik_hanif_mukhi 
tosif_hanif_mukhi 
muaviya_hanif_mukhi 
harish_hanif_mukhi 
mustak_rajmuhammad_mukhi 
haji muhammad_mustak_mukhi 
abdulrazzak_rajmuhammad_mukhi 
nazim_abdulrazak_mukhi 
javid_abdulrazzak_mukhi 
muhammad_abdulrazzak_mukhi 
javid_juber_palsani 
ishak_dawud_palsani 
mubin_ishak_palsani 
maaz_ishak_palsani 
afjal_ishak_palsani 
idrish_abbas_palsani 
yunus_dawood_patel
maviya_mu.hussain_patel
ismail_abdullah_patel
saeed_abdullah_patel
hifzurehman_alimad_patel
idrish_rajmuhammad_patel
mu.hussain_alimuhammad_patel
ahmad_ismail_patel
imtiyaz_ibrahim_patel
ismail_ibhrahim_patel
abrar_ismail_patel
sajid_abdullah_patel
mustak_dawud_patel
mohsin_mustak_patel
abdullah_mustak_patel
mu.saeed_ibrahim_piyarji 
abdullah_gulam_police 
rizwan_abdullah_police 
irfan_abdullah_police 
muhammad_abdullah_police 
noman_abdullah_police 
mustakim_ismail_rajediya
aiyub_abdullah_sakri
muhammad_ismail_sakri
mustakim_ismail_sakri
bilal_yasin_saleh 
saad_yusuf_saleh 
shabbir_rafiuddin_saleh 
mustak_ismail_saleh 
umar_ismail_saleh 
molana ibrahim_ abdulla_saluji 
bilal_abdullah_saluji 
talha_abdullah_saluji 
abdulrasid_suleman_saluji 
ovesh_abdulrasid_saluji 
shahid_abdulrasid_saluji 
arshad_abdulrasid_saluji 
hamidullah_ismail_saluji 
abdullah_hamidullah_saluji 
anis_hamidullah_saluji 
muhammad_hamidullah_saluji 
mohsin_abdulkadar_saluji 
usman_yasin_sheliya 
ashfak_abubakkar_sheliya 
ovesh_abubakkar_sheliya 
aslam_abubakkar_sheliya 
aiyub_yusuf_sheliya 
javid_yasin_sheliya 
ahmad_miyaji_sheliya 
kifayatullah_gulam_sindhi
anis_usman_sojar 
anis_abdullah_sunasara
rafik_ismail_sunasara
tosif_rafik_sunasara
tofik_rafik_sunasara
imran_abdullah_sunasara
ishak_yusuf_sunasara
shoyeb_ishak_sunasara
abdullah_ishak_sunasara
haris_ishak_sunasara
anis_yasin_sunasara
ovesh_yasin_sunasara
mustak_yusuf_sunasara
umar_mustak_sunasara
huzefa_yusuf_sunasara
ismail_huzefa_sunasara
haris_ishak_sunasara
shoban_abdullah_sunasara
imtiyaz_yakub_sunasara
sarfaraj_yakub_sunasara
afzal_aiyub_sunasara
ammar_abbas_sunasara
shahid_abbas_sunasara
hifzurehman_suleman_sunasara
suleman_hifzurehman_sunasara
salman_hifzurehman_sunasara
abubakkar_abdullah_sunasara
shoban_abubakkar_sunasara
sajid_yasin_sunasara
iliyas_ismail_ukani 
altaf_iliyas_ukani 
imran_yasin_umatiya 
jabir_yusuf_balsaniya 
hussain_yusuf_balsaniya 
mohsin_yusuf_balsaniya 
faruk_alimohammed_bhola 
ibhrahim_faruk_bhola 
muhammad_yusuf_charoliya
ashfak_yusuf_charoliya
umar_noormuhammad_dhaga
muhammad_umar_dhaga
muhammad_jabir_maknojiya 
yakub_alimuhammad_mehsaniya 
ovesh_yakub_mehsaniya 
molana farid_ yakub_mehsaniya 
shahid_yakub_mehsaniya 
tofik_yakub_mehsaniya 
sajid_yakub_mehsaniya 
mujahid_suleman_mehsaniya 
mu.shokat_mujahid_mehsaniya 
mu.rizwan_mujahid_mehsaniya 
mustakim_harun_palsani 
mustak_harun_palsani 
muhammad saeed_ harun_palsani 
yasin_dawud_patel
yakub_ismail_sakri
kamran_yakub_sakri
daniyab_yakub_sakri
badrealam_ismail_bachuk 
rizwan_jalal_bhola 
ahmed_rizwan_bhola 
rafik_ismail_bhola 
mohammed_rafik_bhola 
yasin_suleman_bhumcha
molana muhammad_yasin_bhumcha
ovesh_yasin_bhumcha
aizaz_adam_balsaniya 
yasin_gulam_balsaniya 
salman_yasin_balsaniya 
juned_yusuf_charoliya
saad_ishak_gargat
fazlurehman_yusuf_kadiwal 
fauzan_fazlurehman_kadiwal 
anis_abbas_kadaya 
rais_abbas_kadaya 
ovesh_abullah_kojar 
muhammad_abdullah_kojar 
ishak_sharif_lal 
wasim_ishak_lal 
salim_yasin_lal 
tosif_salim_lal 
tofik_salim_lal 
zohar_suleman_mehsaniya 
riyaj_jamal_mehsaniya 
safik_yunus_patel
salim_yunus_patel
sajid_abdullahbhai_patel
naeem_ismail_palsani 
sadik_ismail_palsani 
akber_suleman_sakri
ovesh_akber_sakri
mustufa_abdullah_sakri
saad_siddiq_sakri
yasin_karimuhammad_saleh 
mohsin_yasin_saleh 
faisal_yasin_saleh 
altaf_umar_saleh 
abbas_alimuhammad_saluji 
zaid_abbas_saluji 
usama_abbas_saluji 
tofik_abbas_saluji 
aslam_abubakkar_sheliya 
mohammed_abubakar_sunasara
aiyub_alimuhammad_tajaniya  
arif_aiyub_tajaniya  
molana muhammad_aiyub_tajaniya  
ismail_ibhrahim_bachuk 
zuber_ismail_bachuk 
habib_tajmohammed_badu
sufiyan_usman_badu
tofiq_iliyas_badu
ismail_iliyas_badu
muhammad_rafik iliya_badu
juned_usman_balsaniya 
usman_ibhrahim_balsaniya 
asfaq_usman_balsaniya 
idris_ibhrahim_balsaniya 
soban_idris_balsaniya 
mohammed_idris_balsaniya 
rijvan_nurmohmmed_balsaniya 
faruk_gulam_balsaniya 
abdullah_ismail_balsaniya 
lukman_suleman_balsaniya 
hifzurrehman_yusuf_balsaniya 
yasin_jalal_bhola 
huzefa_yasin_bhola 
imtiyaz_iqbal_bhola 
yakub_ismail_bhola 
aamin_harun_bhola 
fahad_usman_bhola 
sufiyan_yasin_bhola 
mustaq_harun_bhola 
yusuf_suleman_bhumcha
sajid_yusuf_bhumcha
anas_yusuf_bhumcha
aamin_ibhrahim_bhumcha
israil_ibhrahim_bhumcha
minhaj_aamin_charoliya
ahmad_yusuf_charoliya
hamza_aamin_charoliya
siddik_yusuf_charoliya
abdullatif_ahmad_charoliya
israil_ahmad_charoliya
rahmttulah_sharif_dhaga
juned_rahmttulah_dhaga
caish_rahmtullah_dhaga
irshad_rahmatullah_dhaga
siddik_nurmohmmed_dhaga
sadik_siddik_dhaga
shahid_siddik_dhaga
saleem_siddik_dhaga
mohammed_anver_dharwada
rijvan_anvar_dharwada
shahid_harun_fateh
harun_vajir_fateh
anis_harun_fateh
mohammed_harun_fateh
juned_abdulahsattar_fateh
naim_harun_fateh
ismail_harun_fateh
mehmud_a.rahim_kadaya 
rizwan_abdulkhalid_kadaya 
abdulkhalid_daud_kadaya 
mohammed_abdulkhalid_kadaya 
noman_abdulkhalid_kadaya 
saffan_rafik_kadaya 
shafik_rafik_kadaya 
aslam_abdulah_kadaya 
rijvan_a.rahim_kadaya 
ismail_daud_kadaya 
altaf_abdulah_kadaya 
ha.salim_abdulah_kadaya 
shoban_zuber_kadiwal 
zuber_ismail_kadiwal 
mo.nasrullah_zuber_kadiwal 
ha.riyaz_rafik_kadiwal 
saifullah_zuber_kadiwal 
mohammed_mustaq (habib_kadiwal 
gulamrasul_yusuf_kadiwal 
altaf_rafik_kadiwal 
abdulmajid_suleman_kadiwal 
rafe_rafik_kadiwal 
rafik_ismail_kadiwal 
mohammed_rafik_kadiwal 
anis_yusuf_kadiwal 
ayaz_anis_kadiwal 
sajid_nurmohammed_kamal
mohammed_sajid_kamal
maaj_khalid_kamal
ibhrahim_khalid_kamal
javid_khalid_kamal
aamin_ibhrahim_khorejiya
anis_aamin_khorejiya
jed_abubkker_kojar 
a.rauf_ayub_kojar 
molana tofiq_ayub_kojar 
molana fahad_ayub_kojar 
mujahid_ahmed_lal 
mohinuddin_karimohammed_lal 
hasan_mohinuddin_lal 
husain_mohinuddin_lal 
minhaj_mustak_lal 
mustak_ahmed_lal 
mizan_mustak_lal 
mustakim_ahmed_lal 
said_gulam_lal 
sajid_said_lal 
ismail_mo.husen_madaniya 
rafik_gulam_maknojiya 
shafik_rafik_maknojiya 
juned_jabir_maknojiya 
nuruddin_iliyas_mehsaniya 
iliyas_gulamrasul_mehsaniya 
shahid_iliyas_mehsaniya 
mo.irfan_mo.habibullah_mehsaniya 
mustak_suleman_mehsaniya 
ikram_mustak_mehsaniya 
saad_maaj_mehsaniya 
maaj_mo.habibullah_mehsaniya 
saleem_maaj_mehsaniya 
sohel_maaj_mehsaniya 
mohammedsufyan_maaj_mehsaniya 
ibhrahim_mo.habibullah_mehsaniya 
ummer_mo.habibullah_mehsaniya 
mo.mohammedhusain_ummer_mehsaniya 
mohammed_suleman_mehsaniya 
faruk_suleman_mehsaniya 
faiyaz_faruk_mehsaniya 
faisal_faruk_mehsaniya 
faisal_suleman_mehsaniya 
faujan_soyab_mehsaniya 
mohammed_mo.habibullah_mehsaniya 
aarif_mohammed_mehsaniya 
abdulrehman_hilal_mehsaniya 
isaq_rajmohmmed_mukkhi 
haris_isaq_mukkhi 
isah_isaq_mukkhi 
imtiyaz_abdullah_mukkhi 
musa_abbas_mukkhi 
usama_abbas_mukkhi 
imran_abbas_palsani 
shabir_abbas_palsani 
noman_ismail_palsani 
talha_ismail_palsani 
umar_ismail_palsani 
rafik_habib_palsani 
ibhrahim_rafik_palsani 
mohammed_rafik_palsani 
mohammed_abbas_palsani 
yunus_ismail_palsani 
ha.ismail_yunus_palsani 
juned_ismail_palsani 
shoban_rafik_palsani 
anas_ismail_palsani 
ismail_daud_palsani 
abdullah_idris_palsani 
a.rashid_dosan_patel
altaf_a.rashid_patel
abdulah_dosan_patel
arshad_abdullah_patel
huzefa_alimohammed_patel
haris_huzefa_patel
usman_ibhrahim_patel
javid_abdullah_patel
juber_ishak_patel
aslam_alimohammed_patel
altaf_aslam_patel
yunus_a.rahim_police 
huzefa_usman_police 
ayub_gulam_police 
maviya_ayub_police 
muinudin_ayub_police 
sufiyan_abdullah_police 
usman_suleman_police 
ammar_yasin_police 
juned_abdulrehman_rajediya
javid_abdulrehman_rajediya
afnan_abdulrehman_rajediya
hanif_suleman_rajediya
riyaz_hanif_rajediya
huzefa_hanif_rajediya
ishak_suleman_rajediya
sohel_hanif_rajediya
salman_hanif_rajediya
mohsin_ismail_rajediya
badreaalam_daud_sakri
abdulsalam_daud_sakri
shakir_abdulrahim_saleh 
abdullah_shakir_saleh 
hanif_abdulkarim_saleh 
aasif_hanif_saleh 
shahid_abdulkarim_saleh 
faisal_irfan_saleh 
mohammed_yusuf_saleh 
yusuf_abdulrahim_saleh 
sarfaraj_yusuf_saleh 
yasin_jalal_saluji 
soyeb_mo.said_saluji 
shakir_ibhrahim_sheliya 
sameer_ibhrahim_sheliya 
imtiyaz_ibhrahim_sheliya 
faisal_abbas_sheliya 
mohammed_abbas_sheliya 
yasin_miyaji_sheliya 
museb_yasin_sheliya 
ha.irshad_abbas_sheliya 
afjal_abbas_sheliya 
suleman_abdulrahim_sojar 
hasan_suleman_sojar 
moli hassan_sulema_sojar 
yasin_gulamrasul_sojar 
ismail_gulamrasul_sojar 
husain_gulamrasul_sojar 
gulamrasul_abdulrahim_sojar 
yunus_abdulrahim_sojar 
mohsin_yunus_sojar 
mobin_yunus_sojar 
mustakim_yunus_sojar 
muslim_yunus_sojar 
zuber_daud_sojar 
mohammedzaid_zuber_sojar 
mohammedharis_zuber_sojar 
usman_daud_sojar 
mehmud_habib_sojar 
ismail_usman_sojar 
mustufa_ibhrahim_sunasara
husain_mustufa_sunasara
rijvan_abbas_sunasara
ashfak_abbas_sunasara
abbas_nurmohmmed_sunasara
shafik_gulamrasul_sunasara
mu.imtiyaz_ismail_sunasara
sajid_abbas_sunasara
abdullah_sajid_sunasara
majid_abbas_sunasara
siddik_aadam_sunasara
imtiyaz_gulamrasul_sunasara
a.latif_gulamrasul_sunasara
rais_gulamrasul_sunasara
aasif_idris_sunasara
juber_ismail_sunasara
sufyan_juber_sunasara
aasif_abdulah_sunasara
ashfak_aadam_sunasara
jahangir_ismail_sunasara
siraj_gulamrasul_sunasara
mohammed_gulamrasul_sunasara
juned_abbas_sunasara
mohmmed_hanan_sunasara
mohsin_hanan_sunasara
abbas_gulamrasul_sunasara
ammar_abbas_sunasara
hilal_ibhrahim_sunasara
anas_idris_sunasara
hujefa_aadam_sunasara
sadik_abbas_sunasara
salim_ismail_sunasara 
rizwan_salim_sunasara 
shoban_salim_sunasara 
mohsin_harun_sunasara 
mohmmed_harun_sunasara 
mukkim_harun_sunasara 
mubin_harun_sunasara 
imtiyaz_mo.husen_sunasara 
saad_mo.husen_sunasara 
saleem_mo.husen_sunasara 
abdulhamid_suleman_sunasara 
abubakkar_ibrahim_sunasara
molana shahid_abubakka_sunasara
abbas_valli_sunasara 
aamin_yusuf_tajniya 
anas_aamin_tajniya 
mustakim_jalal_tajniya 
sajid_ayub_tajniya 
majid_abdulrahim_tajniya 
ahmed_jalal_tajniya 
abubkker_alimohammed_tajniya 
rijvan_habib_ukani 
salim_ismail_ukani 
juned_zuber_ukani 
sajid_ismail_ukani 
mohammed_hanif_umatiya 
abdulrazzak_suleman_umatiya 
tosif_abdulrazzak_umatiya 
irbaz_abdulrazzak_umatiya 
irfan_suleman_umatiya 
ashfak_irfan_umatiya 
aamin_fattehmohammed_umatiya 
ovesh_aamin_umatiya 
altaf_aamin_umatiya 
ammar_aamin_umatiya 
ummer_daud_umatiya 
javed_ummer_umatiya 
faruq_suleman_umatiya 
mohasin_faruq_umatiya 